Sagas, small guidance improvements (#6573)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/handlers-and-sagas.md

There are two standard ways of executing code when a message is processed: [handlers](handlers/) and [sagas](sagas/).

> Handler instances are instantiated on a per-message basis, executed, and then disposed of. These are often referred as stateless handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handler instances are instantiated on a per-message basis, executed, and then disposed of. These are sometimes referred to as “stateless handlers”.
```

> Saga instances are also instantiated on a per-message basis, executed, and then disposed of. However they differ from handlers in that, once instantiated, they are passed an instance of a "Data" class. The "Saga Data" is persistent state that is shared between a given saga type based on a key. These are often referred as statefull handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saga instances are also instantiated on a per-message basis, executed, and then disposed of. However they differ from handlers in that, once instantiated, they are passed an instance of a "Data" class. The "Saga Data" is persistent state that is shared between a given saga type based on a key. These are sometimes referred to as “stateful handlers”.
```
